# Open WIN Ambassadors - 27th April 2023

## Agenda and collaborative notes

-----

**Important information**

- Date/time: Thursday 27th April 2023, 10:00-11:00 (GMT/UTC)
- Join the call: MS Teams
- These notes: [x](x)
- Call recording: [x](x)



<mark>Yellow = action</mark>


-----

## Agenda
0. Participation guidelines and check-in
1. Personal plans
2. Group plans
3. Feedback


## Participants
(name / Pronouns / Department / GitLab / ORCID)
1. Lisa Spiering / she/her / Exp Psychology / @wym003 / 0000-0002-9071-6541
2. Peter Doohan/ he/him / NDCN / @vyp730 / 0000-0003-2122-7354 
3. Miguel Farinha/ he/him / @bpz864 / 0000-0002-1729-723X
4. Mohamed Tachrount/ he/him / NDCN / @mtach / 0000-0003-1147-3412
5. Juju Fars / they/them / NDCN / @julienfars / 0000-0001-7771-5029
6. Cass Gould van Praag / she/her / Psych / @cassag / 0000-0002-8584-4637
7. Bernd Taschler / ... / ... / ...

## Participation guidelines
- We value the participation of every member of our community and want to ensure that each of us has an enjoyable and fulfilling experience. Please show respect and courtesy to other community members at all times.
- We are dedicated to a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, neurodiversity, physical appearance, body size, race, age, religion, politics or technology choices. We do not tolerate harassment by and/or of members of our community in any form.
- We welcome, support and respect each other as whole people.
- We fall under the formal policy and reporting guidelines of the University of Oxford Bullying and Harassment Policy and we expect everyone to be a responsible bystander.


### Group projects
#### open@win email
- positive experience answering some emails already
- Bernd: What is the process for making sure they are answered?
    - Nothing super formal
    - Anyone is free to reply, shout out in slack if you're working on a longer reply
    - Time frame for responses? Nothing set
    - Is this working well? anything you'd like to change?
        - If there was a process, might not be flexible enough
        - Might be nice to have a formal process for actioning emails which have not been answered, e.g. organise in slack

#### Seminar series - Success stories (Lisa)
- Verena Sarazin is available to do a PRU (paper submitted) with an add on about the open science aspects. 
- Good incentive for the presenter to be able to talk about the project and not just the open science.
- Suggestion to give the presenter a detailed description/prompt of what the purpose of the talk is.
- Lisa found out that Miriam Klein-Fluegge co-organises the PRU at the moment and is happy to ask her whether we can do this success story add-on with Verena
- Easy/fun to organise if you know the person who is presenting.
- The next step for this might be to find out when Verena's paper will be out so that we can then schedule the PRU+open success story


#### Gitlab training (Miguel & Mohammed)
- Paul McCarthy just did some training on git ([slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1urIVhNd6W_jH6JkDjwh0vTMNUZ6IZn03iGssUTjLrAA/edit) and [recording](https://unioxfordnexus-my.sharepoint.com/:f:/g/personal/wolf2494_ox_ac_uk/EjhEbDsPugxLuFrRg1rr4yMBusr-FRY8w5oMYG64B6Yj8g?e=hJzIdb)). Small audience (Tom Okell's lab).
    - Was quite technical
- Interest in incorporating into the Graduate programme
    - Does this require any more formal procedures to be incorporated, e.g. pilot. Or at least make sure participants have the opportunity to feedback
    - Nudge the other content to talk about git, e.g. in python materials.
- High value target
- Remember to focus on gitlab as well as git
- [Tutorials on the community pages](https://open.win.ox.ac.uk/pages/open-science/community/Open-WIN-Community/docs/gitlab/gitlab-tutorials/)
    - to be updated: replacement for atom, e.g. visual studio code
- Conenct with Paul McCarthy, Jasper, Rik, Saad etc. and Gaurav for synergies.
- Would be ideally at the start of the graduate programme, i.e. September, so you can catch people as they are setting up their workflow
    - <mark>Check with Kamila on available dates</mark>
- Maybe something smaller internally during the Summer, maybe as a trial. Maybe end of June.

#### WIN to the World - Lisa & Peter
- Social media etc.
- We know how to do it, but the limiting factor is finding the content.
- Nothing stopping us putting basic tips into the newsletter
- Easy content in adding community pages info to the monday message.
- [Padlet on comms](https://padlet.com/WINPublicEngagement/open-win-ambassadors-2023-projects-monday-message-c83nu0jzncbmvhyv)
- <mark>add link to when we discussed Bernd's monday message content</mark>
- Who would like to take responsibiltiy for this.
- Could keep the content targetted at the sort of things which come as FAQ.
- Peter and Lisa happy to meet to draft up some content, and connect with Andrew Galloway + comms.

#### Gitlab Issue and community pages
- And documentation check/updates
- One page FAQ?
- View the pages not as fixed but as dynamic content
- Some issues are not tagged...
- [Closember](https://closember.org)? November 2023

#### Tasks
- Add more MATLAB 
- Note Seb and Andrew-Ridgewick Brown have (previously) been tasked with creating some "WIN template" task code

#### short term task
- find a good time for meetings (every 2 weeks) - see on slack
- contact cass with any gitlab issues which make no sense! cassandra.gouldvanpraag@gmail.com
- 
-----

## 1. Personal plans

This section will conprise the long term plans of every Ambassador involved. These projects will be taken care of whatever happens next. 
- Peter will perform an independant analysis of how the large-scale animal and human electrophysiology databases are being structured.
- Lisa will continue to work on the success stories. She talked to Verena (first presenter). However, Lisa would prefer if the next person in charge of the program (Cass' replacement) takes over a part of the organisation. 
- Mohamed started to work on the protocols database, reviewed the documentation, and asked colleagues for reviews. In addition, he is having regular meetings with the IT team to work on the integration of the data acquired on the preclinical (Bruker) scanner into the XNAT system (for the online access to the data). 
-  Miguel plans on working on the GIT training. However, he is waiting on Cass to confirm this project's advancement.
-  Juju is still planning on submitting behavioural tasks on the WIN gitlab folder. These tasks should be ready shortly.  

## 2. Group plans

- Most Ambassadors expressed their will to start up the social media project: send regular messages/links/tutorials/updates about Open Science on a twitter accound + mastodon account
    - Next steps are just to write some content! 
    - Reach out to comms team / Andrew for Monday message once we have stuff ready to go
- Success stories, what is planned? 
    - Focus on running the first session, decide if we will do any more after that
- GIT training, what is planned? 
    - We should still run something, but at our own pace
    - what would we need to prepare?
        - Cass has already made a [tutorial](https://open.win.ox.ac.uk/pages/open-science/community/Open-WIN-Community/docs/gitlab/gitlab-tutorials/)  
        - This is also a good resource: [carpentry](https://software-carpentry.org/lessons/)
        - [Gaurav](https://www.win.ox.ac.uk/people/gaurav-bhalerao) would be great to have on board as well - UKRN Local network lead for events at Oxford + [SSI Fellow](https://www.software.ac.uk/about/fellows/gaurav-bhalerao)
            - <mark>Contact Gaurav about this, Miguel?</mark>

## Moving Forward
- Will be really good if we can engage with the community and respond to openwin emails
- Connect with [OHBM](https://www.humanbrainmapping.org/i4a/pages/index.cfm?pageid=1), [ISMRM](https://www.ismrm.org) and [Cass' Network](https://padlet.com/WINPublicEngagement/cass-network-ayam61z5ow5odkln) for more open science work in the future

- Cass' open science resources
    - [OHBM Open Science on Mattermost](https://ohbm.github.io/osr2020/join/#mattermost)
    - Stuart Ritchie's Science Fictions (book)
    - Everything Hertz Podcast
    - [ReproducibiliTea](https://reproducibilitea.org) - Podcast and Journal Club
    - [Turing Way](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/index.html#) - high quality and comprehensive information on reproducible data science and ethics
    - [UKRN](https://www.ukrn.org)
    - [Open Research Calendar](https://openresearchcalendar.org)


## 3. Feedback on this session
<mark>Please add a few words to each of the sections below so we can improve the expereince of others.</mark>
### What worked well?

### What surprised you?
- 
### What would you change?
- 
### What would you like to know more about?